README.md, before:

# userscript-collection
Collection of userscripts for various purposes

## aiassistantsiteproxy
- stages an 'ai assistant agent' as userscript for chatgpt/googlegemini/microsoftcopilot
- stages an 'ai assistant agent proxy' as userscript for a locally hosted 'empty' webpage.
- This allows developer to enqueue 'ai ask' requests to the ai assistant agent proxy, who then communicates to the 3 ai assistant agents to ask the question
- Bot respones are collected (along with question) by agent and posted to be received by ai assistant agent proxy
- The 'ai assistant agent proxy' then periodically polls a REST API to obtain enqueued 'asks', and, as responses are received, it will call a POST REST API to post the aggregated responses.
- Supported Sites:
    - https://chatgpt.com
    - https://gemini.google.com
    - https://copilot.microsoft.com
- aiassistantsite.config.ts contains info to configure
    - note: webserver.config.ts contains url base setting for associated webserver for all userscripts
    - REST API url base
    - Dashboard url base and Dashboard page
    - note changes to url base will require changes to userscript-header.ts @include


## jobcollectoraggregator
- stages a 'job collector' as userscript for MANY different job sites. 
- As user observes a job they like on the site, they can choose to 'collect'/'capture' it, storing information along with site origin
- stages a 'job aggregator' as userscript for locally hosted webpage
- this allows the user to select jobs from a variety of sites, and aggregate them into a single location for tracking
- the 'job aggregator', upon webpage load, will post the collected sites to a REST API
- Supported Sites:
    - https://www.builtinboston.com/#application-tracker-section
    - https://www.dice.com/my-jobs
    - https://trueup.io/jobtracker
    - https://myjobs.indeed.com/saved
    - https://www.linkedin.com/my-items/saved-jobs
    - https://www.usajobs.gov/applicant/dashboard/savedjobs
    - https://app.welcometothejungle.com/
- jobcollectoraggregator.config.ts contains info to configure
    - note: webserver.config.ts contains url base setting for associated webserver for all userscripts
    - REST API url base
    - Dashboard url base and Dashboard page
    - note changes to url base will require changes to userscript-header.ts @include

## downdetector
- userscript for 3 of downdetector pages: home page, status page, and status map page
- This userscript is more aligned with how/why userscripts are normally created. Got sick of having to sift through the webpage to get what we care about (as developers), and then also added some filtering/sorting features with metadata showing.
- End result is those 3 pages are 'overlaid' with a dialog panel showing just what we want to see without any other mess.
- Supported Sites:
    - https://downdetector.com/
    - https://downdetector.com/status/<company-name>/
    - https://downdetector.com/status/<company-name>/map
- Also added functions to fetch health status of major cloud resources with a mapping to companies that rely on them so perhaps you could say 'oh this site depends on cloudflare, and it is having a major outage'

## TheLayoff
- userscript for pages on TheLayoff.com
- Aggregates them into an easier to read dashboard with sorting, wanted to see only certain sites, and get to the guts of things without too many clicks.. meh

## Realestate
- userscript for redfin/realtor
- looking for realestate along ocean, so wanted to toggle map on different pages
- also scrapes info when on single property page so you don't have to dig for it

## Geocoding
- Country-State-City data: npm 'country-state-city' provides an exhaustive organized collection of world-wide mappings Country => States => Cities with lat/lon for the centroids of the country/state/city
- GIS coastal shapefiles. These are used to define what is a coastline so properties close to coast can be more easily identified.
    - US: https://catalog.data.gov/dataset/tiger-line-shapefile-current-nation-u-s-coastline
    - UK: https://osdatahub.os.uk/data/downloads/open/GeoCoast_Open
- Due to the sheer volume of data the definition of country-state-city filters are established so we can 'trim' and partition the data for dynamic usage
- Code generation:
    - Country-state-City creates a world map
    - Region filter is applied to geocode the world map just for those regions
    - GIS chunks used when geocoding the map are identified and built into project
    - runtime code uses 
        - the now geocoded (generated) world map
        - the GIS chunks for what was geocoded (figuring out closest to coast etc..)

Commit message:

downdetector status pages get added info also

README.md, after:

# userscript-collection
Collection of userscripts for various purposes

## aiassistantsiteproxy
- stages an 'ai assistant agent' as userscript for chatgpt/googlegemini/microsoftcopilot
- stages an 'ai assistant agent proxy' as userscript for a locally hosted 'empty' webpage.
- This allows developer to enqueue 'ai ask' requests to the ai assistant agent proxy, who then communicates to the 3 ai assistant agents to ask the question
- Bot respones are collected (along with question) by agent and posted to be received by ai assistant agent proxy
- The 'ai assistant agent proxy' then periodically polls a REST API to obtain enqueued 'asks', and, as responses are received, it will call a POST REST API to post the aggregated responses.
- Supported Sites:
    - https://chatgpt.com
    - https://gemini.google.com
    - https://copilot.microsoft.com
- aiassistantsite.config.ts contains info to configure
    - note: webserver.config.ts contains url base setting for associated webserver for all userscripts
    - REST API url base
    - Dashboard url base and Dashboard page
    - note changes to url base will require changes to userscript-header.ts @include


## jobcollectoraggregator
- stages a 'job collector' as userscript for MANY different job sites. 
- As user observes a job they like on the site, they can choose to 'collect'/'capture' it, storing information along with site origin
- stages a 'job aggregator' as userscript for locally hosted webpage
- this allows the user to select jobs from a variety of sites, and aggregate them into a single location for tracking
- the 'job aggregator', upon webpage load, will post the collected sites to a REST API
- Supported Sites:
    - https://www.builtinboston.com/#application-tracker-section
    - https://www.dice.com/my-jobs
    - https://trueup.io/jobtracker
    - https://myjobs.indeed.com/saved
    - https://www.linkedin.com/my-items/saved-jobs
    - https://www.usajobs.gov/applicant/dashboard/savedjobs
    - https://app.welcometothejungle.com/
- jobcollectoraggregator.config.ts contains info to configure
    - note: webserver.config.ts contains url base setting for associated webserver for all userscripts
    - REST API url base
    - Dashboard url base and Dashboard page
    - note changes to url base will require changes to userscript-header.ts @include

## downdetector
- userscript for 3 of downdetector pages: home page, status page, and status map page
- This userscript is more aligned with how/why userscripts are normally created. Got sick of having to sift through the webpage to get what we care about (as developers), and then also added some filtering/sorting features with metadata showing.
- End result is those 3 pages are 'overlaid' with a dialog panel showing just what we want to see without any other mess.
- Supported Sites:
    - https://downdetector.com/
    - https://downdetector.com/status/<company-name>/
    - https://downdetector.com/status/<company-name>/map
- Also added functions to fetch health status of major cloud resources with a mapping to companies that rely on them so perhaps you could say 'oh this site depends on cloudflare, and it is having a major outage'
- Also added fetch of a breakdown of outages from geoblackout. This data is joined with downdetector data and service data to provide greater insight around the services listed by down detector
- Wanted to see downdetector listings without all the surrounding ads etc.. And then also wanted to have a better understanding of why things may be down (added service health fetches), and then also wanted to know the breakdown of what is really down in that service (added geoblackout fetches).
   This way you can see the service/company's down detector graph, see health of services it relies upon, and see the breakdown of what parts are seen as having issues. This info carries through to the downdetector company status and status-map pages.

## TheLayoff
- userscript for pages on TheLayoff.com
- Aggregates them into an easier to read dashboard with sorting, wanted to see only certain sites, and get to the guts of things without too many clicks.. meh
- wanted to see postings in one place without a lot of stuff inbetween. Also wanted to isolate ones by company etc..

## Realestate
- userscript for redfin/realtor/zoopla(uk)
- looking for realestate along ocean, so wanted to toggle map on different pages
- also scrapes info when on single property page so you don't have to dig for it
- Wanted to look through open properties and know their closeness to the ocean.s

## Geocoding
- Country-State-City data: npm 'country-state-city' provides an exhaustive organized collection of world-wide mappings Country => States => Cities with lat/lon for the centroids of the country/state/city
- GIS coastal shapefiles. These are used to define what is a coastline so properties close to coast can be more easily identified.
    - US: https://catalog.data.gov/dataset/tiger-line-shapefile-current-nation-u-s-coastline
    - UK: https://osdatahub.os.uk/data/downloads/open/GeoCoast_Open
- Due to the sheer volume of data the definition of country-state-city filters are established so we can 'trim' and partition the data for dynamic usage
- Code generation:
    - Country-state-City creates a world map
    - Region filter is applied to geocode the world map just for those regions
    - GIS chunks used when geocoding the map are identified and built into project
    - runtime code uses 
        - the now geocoded (generated) world map
        - the GIS chunks for what was geocoded (figuring out closest to coast etc..)
